Are you almost ready?
Success or failure
Well, it's all set.
It will be available in a while.
Thank you for your hard work. Come on.
What to do? There's only the last minute left.
Do I want it or not?
He seems to really take it seriously.
If I really delay the listing
Will he be disappointed in me?
If it is not listed on time
They will be disappointed in me too
You're going to get punished for that.
Come on. I can't be too selfish.
Secretary Li, you won't go back on it, will you?
No, I won't.
Ok I believe in you
Then you go downstairs now
Let me give you something
What's that?
You'll know when you go downstairs, it won't waste your time.
What are you going to give me? Get in the car.
No, I have something else to do.
Just give it to me directly.
My stuff is too expensive for others to see
I'm sorry.
I also have to make sure my plan is foolproof